{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red25\green25\blue25;\red42\green93\blue160;
\red46\green46\blue46;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19540\viewh22580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our Privacy Principles\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Your data is yours. Docyt does not own your content.\
{\listtext	\'95	}When you delete content owned by you, we permanently delete it from our servers. In case of joint ownership, all owners will need to delete the content, before it will be deleted permanently.\
{\listtext	\'95	}By default, any content you add to Docyt, is private.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This Privacy Policy explains what information Docyt Inc (\'93Docyt\'94 or \'93we\'94 and sometimes \'93us\'94) collect about you and why, what we may do with that information and how we handle your Content when you use Docyt Applications, App, Software, Services, and Websites (all of which we henceforth collectively refer to as "Docyt app" or "Service"). \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Information we Collect and Receive\
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users \'96 from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which\'a0services you would find most useful,\'a0the people who matter most to you online, or which Service Providers you might want to use. We collect information in the following ways:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Information you give us\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you create your Docyt account, we\'92ll ask for\'a0personal information, like your name, email address, and telephone number to store with your account. These are needed to prevent fraud, spam, and abuse, and to ensure security of your account.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Your personal image, to show in your user profile, and associated documents.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Your family member\'92s name, email, phone, to enable secure family sharing between family members.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Information we get from your use of our services\cf2 \
We\'a0collect information\'a0about the services that you use and how you use them, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or\'a0view and interact with our ads\'a0and content. This information includes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Device information:\'a0\cf2 We collect\'a0device-specific information\'a0(such as your hardware model, operating system version,\'a0unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Docyt may associate your\'a0device identifiers\'a0or\'a0phone number\'a0with your Docyt Account.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Log information:\'a0\cf2 When you use our services or view content provided by Docyt, we automatically collect and store certain information in\'a0server logs. This includes:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
details of how you used our service, such as your search queries.\
\ls3\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Internet protocol address.\
\ls3\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.\
\ls3\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Docyt Account.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Location information:\'a0\cf2 When you use Docyt, we\'a0may collect and process information about your actual location. Precise GPS from mobile devices is collected only with your permission. WiFi and IP addresses received from your browser or device may be used to determine approximate location. We also derive location information from the photos that you take or upload through one of our services. This information is used to provide you with service recommendations and also to protect against suspicious and fraudulent activity in unrecognized locations.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your contacts: With your express permission, we may collect the contacts off your phone or computer in order to, among other things, facilitate sharing, and improving our recommendations.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Local storage:\'a0\cf2 We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device in an encrypted manner.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cookies and similar technologies:\'a0\cf2 We\'a0and our partners\'a0use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit Docyt app or Service, and this may include using\'a0cookies or similar technologies\'a0to identify your browser or device. We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact with services we offer to our partners,\'a0or Docyt features that may appear on other sites.\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Information we collect when you are signed in to Docyt, in addition to information we obtain about you from partners, may be associated with your Docyt Account. When information is associated with your Docyt Account, we treat it as personal information.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Content that you send and receive within Docyt. This includes:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}The content itself. This content can include documents, photos, messages, comments, and various other types of files. Docyt does not look in to this content, but only receives and processes it, so that you can use the service.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Previews generated from the content. These are versions of the content at potentially different resolutions, file sizes, or formats.\
{\listtext	\'95	}When content is sent or shared and by whom, when or if they were seen by you, and where you received them.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Metadata derived from the content. This may include file name, type, size, creation and modified date, resolution, bitrate, and length.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Information from partners or other 3rd parties. Docyt may receive information from partners or others that we could use to make our own information better or more useful. This might be aggregate-level information about which IP addresses go with which zip codes or it might be more specific information about how well an online marketing or email campaign performed. We also use third party service providers such as Crashlytics for crash log analytics.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Our Cookie Policy\
We may collect non-personally identifiable information passively using "cookies" and "page tags."\
"Cookies" are small text files that can be placed on your computer or mobile device in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on Docyt and other websites. Cookies can be used to personalize your experience with Docyt (such as dynamically generating content on webpages specifically designed for you), to assist you in using Docyt (such as saving time by not having to reenter your name each time you use a form), to allow us to statistically monitor how you are using Docyt so that we can improve our offerings, and to target certain advertisements to your browser which may be of interest to you or to determine the popularity of certain content. You do not have to accept cookies to use Docyt. Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. However, if you reject cookies, certain Docyt features may not work properly or at all and you may have a degraded experience.\
"Page tags," also known as web beacons or gif tags, are a web technology used to help track website or email usage information, such as how many times a specific page or email has been viewed. Page tags are invisible to you, and any portion of the Docyt communication, including advertisements, or e-mail sent on our behalf, may contain page tags.\
By using cookies and page tags together, we are able to improve the Docyt Service and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns.\
Finally, you should be aware that this Privacy Policy does not govern the use of third-party websites or services or providers of third-party services.\
\'a0\
Third Party Analytics Services\
\'a0In addition to our own services, we use 3rd party services like Google Analytics and Mixpanel who provide website analytics cookies to help us improve the experience we offer you. This may involve transmitting your device id, anonymized analytics identifiers and anonymized event data to these 3rd parties for analysis so that we can better understand your experience with our service. You may opt-out of third party cookies from Google Analytics and Mixpanel on their respective websites.\
\'a0\
How We Use Your Information\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Providing the Docyt service. We use information you provide to authenticate you and deliver and share content to you and from you.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Understanding and improving our products. To make the product better we have to understand how users are using it. We will freely review aggregated and anonymized usage data to learn from our users and improve the product.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Investigating and preventing bad stuff from happening. We work hard to keep Docyt secure and to prevent abuse and fraud.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Communicating with you\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Solving your problems and responding to your requests. If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond to that request and address your problems or concerns.\
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Email messages. We may send you service and administrative emails. We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our services, or our service offerings, or new product features. These messages are considered part of the service and we may not allow you to opt-out of them. In addition, we sometimes send emails to Docyt users about other news about Docyt. You can opt-out of these at any time by unsubscribing from within one of these emails.\
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Apple Push Notifications. If you install our apps, we may send you notifications when content is shared with you.\
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Text messages\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. We will send text messages with security codes, to your account phone number, if you install Docyt on other devices. We may send some communication and support messages too, to your account phone number.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
Data Export Options\
Docyt does not currently offer options for content export. We are currently working on these features, and will release them soon.\
\'a0\
Choices for Users\
When you use Docyt, you have control over a number of things with respect to your own privacy and choices about how your content is visible to others or not. You may always deactivate your account through an email to support AT docyt DOT com. Deactivation of an account disables your access to Docyt Service, and permanently deletes the content associated with that account but does not delete your profile. Content that was shared with you, but is owned by others will still be accessible by the owners of such content. You are always able to delete any content you have uploaded to your account. When you do so, access to the content will be removed for you and for any others with which you have shared it. Please note, however, that if someone you share some content with copies that content into their own account, if you later delete that content, that content will still be available to the user that made the copy. Also, please note that, when you delete content, we do not always or immediately overwrite this deleted data on our servers. Consequently, Docyt might still have access to this content for up to 30 days. We are currently working on features, that will let you share your content with your verified family members, and contacts.\
\'a0\
Sharing and Disclosures\
There are times when communications and related content and other user information may be shared by Docyt. This section discusses only how Docyt may share user information. Docyt may share information:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To comply with legal process, or to protect Docyt and our users. We may disclose \'96 or preserve for future disclosure \'96 your information, if we believe, after due consideration, that doing so is required to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process. If we are going to release your information pursuant to the foregoing, we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so. We reserve the right to delay notice in cases involving the exploitation of minors and when we believe a delay is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person. We may disclose your information in certain emergency circumstances; we may also disclose your information when we believe it\'92s necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person; to address fraud, security, or spam; or to protect our rights or property. \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With third parties and agents. We may employ third party companies or individuals to process personal information on our behalf based on our instructions, under contractual promises of confidentiality and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. For example, we may share data with a security consultant to help us get better at preventing unauthorized access, with an email vendor to send messages on our behalf, and/or with hosting providers, payment processors, marketing vendors, and other consultants who work on our behalf.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the event of a merger or sale. If we engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
That is aggregated and non-identifiable. We may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information with our partners or others for business or research purposes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Where Information is Processed\
Docyt is based in the United States, and currently available only for residents of United States. Although we welcome users from all over the world, keep in mind that no matter where you live or where you happen to use our services, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. We may also transfer your information to other countries, either at your direction, or for processing purposes. While in transit or while stored in our datacenter, it is possible your data will be subject to surveillance, without our cooperation, by the government of the United States or other countries. Your data is encrypted on your device, during transit, and on our servers. We will resist surveillance to the maximum extent permitted by law, technological boundaries, and in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.\'a0We are also committed to providing you with advance notice, whenever possible, if we receive a governmental or law enforcement request for your content.\
\
Due to a recent European Court of Justice\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&docid=169195&pageIndex=0&doclang=EN&mode=req&dir=&occ=first&part=1&cid=125031"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 judgment}}\'a0declaring as \'93invalid\'94 the European Commission\'92s Decision 2000/520/EC of 26 July 2000 \'93on the adequacy of the protection provided by the safe harbor privacy principles and related frequently asked questions issued by the US Department of Commerce\'94,\'a0Docyt is currently not available for EU residents. If you are a EU citizen or resident, please delete your data and contact us immediately\'a0to get your account deactivated.\
\
Security\
Docyt takes reasonable steps to protect information you provide to us as part of your use of the Docyt app and Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Every single document that you upload on Docyt is encrypted with 256 Bit AES encryption. All traffic to our website and all communication between our apps and our servers is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Emails, text messages, and notifications we send are not encrypted. However, no electronic or email transmission or digital storage mechanism is ever fully secure or error free.\
\'a0\
Children\'92s Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf5 We are committed to protecting the privacy of children.\'a0\cf2 Docyt is not designed for or directed at children under 13. If you learn that a minor child has provided us with personal information without parental/guardian consent, please contact us. Parents/guardians of minors are allowed to save personally identifiable data related to their children.\
\
Changes to This Privacy Policy\
We may update this privacy policy from time to time, and if we do we will post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Docyt after those changes are in effect, you agree to the updated policy. If the changes are substantial, we may provide more prominent notice or seek your consent to the new policy.\
\
Contacting Docyt\
\cf5 If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or feel that we are not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@docyt.com, or at our mailing address below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\fi-600\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf5 	DOCYT, INC.\
	5255 Stevens Creek Blvd, STE 220\
	Santa Clara, CA - 95051\
	Attention: Privacy\cf2 \
}